Update React Native setup docs for Turbo Modules (#5853)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/react_native/react_sdk_setup.md

## Prerequisites and compatibility 
* Requires React Native v0.68+

### React Native New Architecture Support
{% sdk_min_versions react:2.0.1 %}

## Using Braze with the New Architecture

> The Braze React Native SDK is compatible with any apps using the [React Native New Architecture](https://reactnative.dev/docs/the-new-architecture/landing-page) starting from SDK version 2.0.1+. This version of the SDK requires React Native v0.70+.
> 
> As of SDK version 6.0.0, Braze has been upgraded internally to a React Native Turbo Module, which can still be used with either the New Architecture or the legacy bridge architecture. Because the Turbo Module is backwards compatible, no migration steps are required other than the breaking changes mentioned in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-react-native-sdk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

Reviewer: Isn't this more accurate @jerielng?
```suggestion
The Braze React Native SDK is compatible with any apps using the [React Native New Architecture](https://reactnative.dev/docs/the-new-architecture/landing-page) starting from SDK version 2.0.1+.

As of SDK version 6.0.0, Braze has been upgraded internally to a React Native Turbo Module, which can still be used with either the New Architecture or the legacy bridge architecture. Because the Turbo Module is backwards compatible, no migration steps are required other than the breaking changes mentioned in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-react-native-sdk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) and requiring React Native v0.70+.
```

Author: Yep good call, since this pertains more to the `6.0.0` release.

#### React Native New Architecture Support
* Braze React Native SDK v2.0.1+

> ## Using Braze with the New Architecture

Author: I kept this as a single section in the setup docs because the actual migration doesn't require many changes other than the ones called out here. Most consequences are internal. Let me know if anyone feels this warrants a separate page though.

The Braze React Native SDK is compatible with any apps using the New Architecture starting from version 2.0.1+.

> As of SDK version {INSERT-VERSION-HERE}, Braze has been upgraded internally to a React Native Turbo Module, which can still be used with either the [React Native New Architecture](https://reactnative.dev/docs/the-new-architecture/landing-page) or the legacy bridge architecture. Because the Turbo Module is backwards compatible, no migration steps are required other than the breaking changes mentioned in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-react-native-sdk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

Author: - [ ] TODO: Insert release version

Author: ```suggestion
As of SDK version 6.0.0, Braze has been upgraded internally to a React Native Turbo Module, which can still be used with either the [React Native New Architecture](https://reactnative.dev/docs/the-new-architecture/landing-page) or the legacy bridge architecture. Because the Turbo Module is backwards compatible, no migration steps are required other than the breaking changes mentioned in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-react-native-sdk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).
```

{% alert warning %}

> If your app conforms to `RCTAppDelegate` and was following our previous `AppDelegate` setup in this documentation, or in the [Braze sample app](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-react-native-sdk/blob/master/BrazeProject/ios/BrazeProject/AppDelegate.mm), be sure to reference our updated samples in [Complete native setup](#step-2-complete-native-setup) to prevent any crashes from occurring when subscribing to events in the new Turbo Module.

Reviewer: Similar comment [to this one](https://github.com/braze-inc/react-native-sdk/pull/465#discussion_r1275292399), as the link to 
```
https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-react-native-sdk/blob/master/BrazeProject/ios/BrazeProject/AppDelegate.mm
```
will start to reference the updated code, so it'll be kinda confusing. Maybe we can link it later in `[updated samples]` or possibly even take out the link and have them follow `[Complete native setup](#step-2-complete-native-setup)` since the updated code will be below
